# ECE445L-Lab1

ECE445L Lab 1 Spring 2023.

IMPORTANT (for those not using Github Classroom): To clone this repository,
click the green "Use this template" button and create a PRIVATE repository. Do
NOT clone this repository as you would normally clone a git repo (i.e. using
'git clone ...') because you will not be able to make a private fork.

## HW

The hw folder should contain your schematic and board files for your PCB or
circuits. In later labs, you will be creating schematics for your circuit
in EAGLE. A setup tutorial can be found
[here](https://www.shawnvictor.net/autodesk-eagle.html).

## SW

The sw folder should contain your application firmware and software written for
the lab. The sw/inc folder contains firmware drivers written for you by
Professor Valvano. Feel free to write your own (in fact, in some labs, you may
be required to write your own).

You can place any other source files in the sw/ folder. TAs will look at the
files you create and/or modify for software quality and for running your
project.

## Resources

A couple files are provided in the Resources folder so you don't have to keep
searching for that one TI document. Some of them are immediately useful, like
the TM4C datasheet. Others may be useful for your final project, like the
TM4C_System_Design_Guidelines page.

## Git and Github

We will extensively use Git and Github for managing lab projects. This makes it
easier for TAs to grade and help debug the project by allowing the students to
see commit histories, maintain a common project structure, collaborate with
partners, merge different codebases, and to debug work.

Two common ways of using Git and Github are [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) and the [command line](https://git-scm.com/downloads). [Tutorials](https://dev.to/mollynem/git-github--workflow-fundamentals-5496) are also abundant on the net for you to peruse. We've provided a cheatsheet for git in the Resources folder.

It is highly recommended to make the most out of Git, even if you've never used
it before. Version control will save you a lot of suffering, and tools like Git
or SVN are ubiquitous in the industry.

## Lab Report

Following the lab doc provided at the root of this project, the TAs request you
submit a lab report in Microsoft Word (or Pages, if you're a Mac user). Please
name it `EID_lab_LAB_NUMBER_report.pdf`.
